So we got started with the text input right now we're not doing anything with the values the user enters.
But before we do that let's make sure that actually the button is not below that input but next to it
on the right.
And for that again we need to work on the layout.
That's why I have this extra view here around the text input in the button.
We wouldn't need that but now with that nested view we can control how these two items are aligned to
each other by again adding this style of property here.
And now for a layout for positioning things React Native uses flex blocks which you also might know
from the web in case you don't attach to find resources that gets you started with CFS flex box.
You don't need to know flex box in and out but it helps to know a bit about it.
Flex blocks were such that it positions elements inside of a view next to each other or above each other
by default above each other and React Native.
You can change that by setting flex direction from column which is the default to row.
And by just adding this on this view we overwrite the default which is well the default which is why
we don't have to set it off column and now already we'll see that the button in the text input sit next
to each other.
Doesn't look that great yet but they're sitting next to each other now to make it look better.
We can also add more.
For example you can define how things are aligned and distributed in their row or column.
For example with justify content you can control how items are distributed along their main axis and
with row the main axis is from left to right.
If dead would be column the main axis would be from top to bottom.
So now we could specify a value end here my idea even gives me auto completion which is very convenient.
We could specify a value of space between for example what this means is that all the remaining free
space is between the two elements.
So they're now not sitting directly next to each other but instead there is some free space between
them as you can tell.
And we can also line them on their cross axes.
So main axis for Flex direction row was left to right cross axis.
Dennis top to bottom four flex direction column the main axis would be top to bottom and the cross axis
would be left to right.
So the cross axis simply is the opposite of the main axis so to say justify content positions along
the main axis with a line items you can control how to child elements of this view are aligned along
the cross axis there you have different values like for example center.
So in this case since we have flex direction row this should vertically center all items which means
that the button now looks nicer and is simply centered there in the middle of this input well and now
we can also ramp up the width of that input a little bit by going to the text input and there on the
style we can also add a width of let's say 200 to give us a width of 200 pixels which means that this
now is a bit bigger alternatively by the way you could have also choose a percentage value like 80 percent
which means that this takes 80 percent of the available width made available by its parent component
so by the view that surrounds it and now with that we had a look at the first important fundamentals
about laying things out in react native and styling things but right now we're doing all of that with
that concept called inline styles which means we're setting up the styles directly on the elements and
that's not ideal.